README.md, before:

# DAEClean 
Add-on for Blender 2.80, 2.9 and 3.0

Clean geometry imported as DAE - Remove doubles, recalculate normals, triangles to quads, limitied dissolve and UV unwrap
Will also re-join loose geometry and remove imported cameras 

This is useful if importing models from SketchUp to Blender as DAE

Adds a button to UI menu (Press 'N')

A full tutorial on importing a .dae file export SketchUp into Blender can be found at https://www.dndrawings.com/add-ons

Download:
1. Click the green Code button and Download ZIP
2. Unzip the downloaded file (you should now have a new folder containing DAEClean_0_1_#.zip, DAEClean.py and Readme.md)

Install:
1. Navigate to File->User Preferences->Add-ons 
2. Click "Install Add-on From File"
3. Find DAEClean.py or DAEClean_0_1_#.zip and "Click Install Add-on From File"
4. Search for 3D View:DAE Clean and toggle check box
5. Click "Save User Settings"

Usage:
- Usually you will import a DAE file before using but can work on any scene

1. Select objects to clean in scene
2. Press Clean DAE button
3. The Status/Info bar in the Blender window will show how many vertices have been reduced from the selected objects

Commit message:

Fixed compatibility issues with Blender 4.0 Added the option to remove auto-smooth normals. Default is true.

README.md, after:

# DAEClean 
Add-on for Blender 2.80, 2.9, 3.0 & 4.0

Clean geometry imported as DAE - Remove doubles, recalculate normals, triangles to quads, limitied dissolve and UV unwrap
Will also re-join loose geometry and remove imported cameras. Version 1.6 added the option to remove auto-smoothing of normals

This is useful if importing models from SketchUp to Blender as DAE

Adds a button to UI menu (Press 'N')

A full tutorial on importing a .dae file export SketchUp into Blender can be found at https://www.dndrawings.com/add-ons

Download:
1. Click the green Code button and Download ZIP
2. Unzip the downloaded file (you should now have a new folder containing DAEClean_0_1_#.zip, DAEClean.py and Readme.md)

Install:
1. Navigate to File->User Preferences->Add-ons 
2. Click "Install Add-on From File"
3. Find DAEClean.py or DAEClean_0_1_#.zip and "Click Install Add-on From File"
4. Search for 3D View:DAE Clean and toggle check box
5. Click "Save User Settings"

Usage:
- Usually you will import a DAE file before using but can work on any scene

1. Select objects to clean in scene
2. Press Clean DAE button
3. The Status/Info bar in the Blender window will show how many vertices have been reduced from the selected objects
